Hey everybody!  It's time to talk about something tasty.
Speaking of tasty, beer comes to mind.
So I would like to introduce to you the next beer.
The next beer is going to be another Hitachino Nest beer.
Normally, when people think of ginger ale they immediately think
of the soda you can buy at stores.
Except for this beer they actually used real ginger!
Pretty strange, huh?
But this is where they put in a little Japanese-ness (wa).
If you see in the back here...
...it says that they put ginger roots into the
kettle, adding a little spice to the beer.
Then the sweetness (from the malts) and bitterness from the hops mix in together.
So it's a pretty interesting beer.
If you read here on the back...
The ABV is 7%, so it's a bit bigger than the typical beer.
Oh, it's over here.
I'm gonna go and open the beer.
This has been in the fridge for so long,
I'm pretty happy to finally drink it.
That was kind of a strange smell...
Not really a bad kind of smell, just strange.
So let's first look at the look at the color of the beer.
It kind of looks like the Japanese Classic Ale
that I reviewed from my last video.
It's orange and is cloudy.
You can't see through it.
Well, let me check the aroma of the beer.
Rather than ginger, it smells like there are some
other kinds of spices in the beer.
Like in a Belgian style beer with various ingredients of spices.
Also, when you pour it in a glass like this,
you can stir it up you do with wine...
All these bubbles form up here which help you
to smell the aroma of the beer.
It's similar to how a pumpkin ale smells.
I'm kind of excited to try this beer :)
Well, why don't I dive right in.
Kind of an unusual taste.
It tastes like how it smells.
Does that make sense?
Just like how the beer smells, the taste matches it.
Like they have in America, it's very similar to the taste of
a pumpkin ale.  I think because of the spice.
But rather than spices, this has ginger in it.
So the spiciness from the ginger and the sweetness of
the beer gives it that, sort of, illusion.
Rather than mouthfeel, the flavor itself is pretty thick.
So compared to typical beers it's pretty different.
Oh ya!
I just happen to have dinner.
I'm having American style sushi.............I'm sorry.
It's alright.  I'm thankful that I can buy sushi here.
Anyways, it happen to come with ginger!
So I can try a little pairing here.
First, I will try the ginger.
Excuse me for using my fingers.
Next, I will pair it with the beer.
It's like the spiciness from the ginger I
had and the ginger in here matched.
It's not bad.  I'm gonna give it another try.
Ginger....
Excuse me for my poor manners.
But afterall, it IS my channel.  So, Eh-yanka (Osaka
dialect for IT'S OK and WHO CARES combined).
Oh, I don't think it doesn't work.
It actually works.  I'm surprised!
If you can buy this there in Japan, definitely give it a try.
Where's the bottle?  Oh it's here.
You won't be able to buy this at a normal store, but if you go to
a beer specialty store, you would find it.  Definitely give it a try!
I don't think it's a bad beer at
all.  In fact, it's pretty good.
Just like the last Japanese Classic Ale, I think they're at the same level.
Thank you for watching again.
I will see you in the next beer blog.